src/hugo/content/_index.md, before:

+++
[[Project]]
  Title = "Six Degrees of Tweetification"
  Description = "A senior project designed to find links between topics and people on Twitter."
  Tags = [ "C#", "Angular", "TypeScript", "SQL", "ASP.NET" ]
  Image = "img/sixdegrees.png"
  SourceURL = "https://github.com/natplagman/SixDegreesOfTweetification"
[[Project]]
  Title = "Broken Shadows"
  Description = "A tile-based puzzle game that incorporates dynamic lighting and levels that respond to player movement. Features a built-in level editor."
  Tags = [ "C#", "MonoGame" ]
  Image = "img/shadows.png"
  SourceURL = "https://github.com/natplagman/Broken-Shadows"
[[Project]]
  Title = "Pac#"
  Description = "A faithful recreation of everyone's favorite game about yellow geometry and spectres. Features include high scores, sound FX, animations, and four unique AI behaviors."
  Tags = [ "C#" ]
  Image = "img/pacsharp.png"
  SourceURL = "https://github.com/natplagman/PacSharp"
[[Project]]
  Title = "Eagle Overlord"
  Description = "A Discord bot running on the (unofficial) EWU Computer Science server that supports compiling code, role management, and more."
  Tags = [ "JavaScript", "Node.js" ]
  Image = "img/eagle.png"
  SourceURL = "https://github.com/natplagman/EagleOverlord"
+++
I'm a software engineer in the Pacific Northwest.\
Check out some of my past work below.
{id="home-description"}

Commit message:

feat: accessibility improvements
Remove non-link anchors
Replace same-page scroll anchors with buttons
Captions, alt text
Hide non-interactive form elements
Improve project image resizing
Change syntax highlighting theme

Signed-off-by: Natalie Plagman <69559273+natplagman@users.noreply.github.com>

src/hugo/content/_index.md, after:

+++
[[Project]]
  Title = "Six Degrees of Tweetification"
  Description = "A senior project designed to find links between topics and people on Twitter."
  Tags = [ "C#", "Angular", "TypeScript", "SQL", "ASP.NET" ]
  Image = "img/sixdegrees.png"
  SourceURL = "https://github.com/natplagman/SixDegreesOfTweetification"
  Alt = "A screenshot of the 'Six Degrees of Tweetification' website. The page displays a word cloud made up of terms related to software development."
[[Project]]
  Title = "Broken Shadows"
  Description = "A tile-based puzzle game that incorporates dynamic lighting and levels that respond to player movement. Features a built-in level editor."
  Tags = [ "C#", "MonoGame" ]
  Image = "img/shadows.png"
  SourceURL = "https://github.com/natplagman/Broken-Shadows"
  Alt = "A screenshot of a level from 'Broken Shadows'. The level is made up of blue and white square tiles."
[[Project]]
  Title = "Pac#"
  Description = "A faithful recreation of everyone's favorite game about yellow geometry and spectres. Features include high scores, sound FX, animations, and four unique AI behaviors."
  Tags = [ "C#" ]
  Image = "img/pacsharp.png"
  SourceURL = "https://github.com/natplagman/PacSharp"
  Alt = "A screenshot of Pac#. The player is navigating through a maze eating dots as ghosts give chase."
[[Project]]
  Title = "Eagle Overlord"
  Description = "A Discord bot running on the (unofficial) EWU Computer Science server that supports compiling code, role management, and more."
  Tags = [ "JavaScript", "Node.js" ]
  Image = "img/eagle.png"
  SourceURL = "https://github.com/natplagman/EagleOverlord"
  Alt = "A screenshot of a Discord conversation. A user has entered the command '!compile cpp' to compile the C++ 'Hello, world!' program. Eagle Overlord has responded with the program output."
+++
I'm a software engineer in the Pacific Northwest.\
Check out some of my past work below.
{id="home-description"}
